pages/projects.mdx, before:

---
type: page
title: Projects
date: 2024-03-19
---

[Portfolio ↗ ](https://jaczerob.dev) is this very portfolio.

Technologies used:
- Next.js
  - TypeScript
  - HTML
  - Tailwind CSS
  - Next.js 12
  - MDX

[GitHub](https://github.com/jaczerob/portfolio)

---

[Eras ↗ ](https://eras.jaczerob.dev) is a web application that tracks information in real time and provides time-series
statistics for the game Toontown Rewritten. This application contains an Angular frontend hosted on Vercel and a Spring
Boot backend hosted on Fly.io.

Technologies used:
- Spring Boot
    - JDK21
    - Maven
- Angular
    - TypeScript
    - HTML
    - CSS
    - Angular 17
- MySQL

[GitHub](https://github.com/jaczerob/eras)

---

discord-spring-boot-starter is a Spring Boot starter that allows users to easily create Discord bots using Spring Boot.
This starter provides a simple way to create commands using annotations and provides a way to easily interact with the
Discord API.

Technologies used:
- Spring Boot
    - JDK21
    - Maven

[GitHub](https://github.com/jaczerob/discord-spring-boot-starter)

---

WindiaFAQ is a Discord bot that would provide simple utilities for users in the Windia Discord server. This bot served
1000+ users for 2 years until the server was shut down.

Technologies used:
- Python 3.11
    - discord.py
    - Asyncio
- Golang
- Docker
- MongoDB

[GitHub](https://github.com/jaczerob/discord-spring-boot-starter)

Commit message:

Add my main web page to my projects

pages/projects.mdx, after:

---
type: page
title: Projects
date: 2024-03-19
---

[Portfolio ↗ ](https://portfolio.jaczerob.dev) is this very portfolio.

Technologies used:
- Next.js
- TypeScript
- HTML
- Tailwind CSS
- MDX

[GitHub](https://github.com/jaczerob/portfolio)

---

[Main Site ↗ ](https://jaczerob.dev) is my main website for navigating to my projects.

Technologies used:
- Next.js
- TypeScript
- HTML
- Tailwind CSS

[GitHub](https://github.com/jaczerob/jaczerob.dev)

---

[Eras ↗ ](https://eras.jaczerob.dev) is a web application that tracks information in real time and provides time-series
statistics for the game Toontown Rewritten. This application contains an Angular frontend hosted on Vercel and a Spring
Boot backend hosted on Fly.io.

Technologies used:
- Spring Boot
    - JDK21
    - Maven
- Angular
    - TypeScript
    - HTML
    - CSS
    - Angular 17
- MySQL

[GitHub](https://github.com/jaczerob/eras)

---

discord-spring-boot-starter is a Spring Boot starter that allows users to easily create Discord bots using Spring Boot.
This starter provides a simple way to create commands using annotations and provides a way to easily interact with the
Discord API.

Technologies used:
- Spring Boot
    - JDK21
    - Maven

[GitHub](https://github.com/jaczerob/discord-spring-boot-starter)

---

WindiaFAQ is a Discord bot that would provide simple utilities for users in the Windia Discord server. This bot served
1000+ users for 2 years until the server was shut down.

Technologies used:
- Python 3.11
    - discord.py
    - Asyncio
- Golang
- Docker
- MongoDB

[GitHub](https://github.com/jaczerob/discord-spring-boot-starter)
